# Sneeggen_et_al
Software scripts and raw data from our publication "WDFY2 restrains matrix metalloproteinase secretion and cell invasion by controlling VAMP3-dependent recycling".

Supplied in the Image_Processing subfolder are image and postprocessing analysis scripts. 

Sample data for the post-processing steps is provided in the "Measurements" folder. 

Image processing requires Fiji and the Jython interpreter, run scripts using the Script Editor in Fiji


Postprocessing requires Python (3.7), Pandas, the Scipy ecosystem and Seaborn/Matplotlib for plotting. 

We recommend Anaconda Python and use Spyder as IDE for development and plotting.

All plots in the manuscript can be generated by the python scripts in "Raw_data_and_plots"

	- Data is organized in subfolders by Figure and Subfigure. 
	
	- Plain data is deposited as Excel or CSV file and can be plotted directly by running the associated Python file

	- Proteome data used to generate the volcano plot in Figure 4a is deposited as Excel sheet, columns labelled S1 and S2 represent "Control" and "GFP-WDFY2" conditions. 
	
	- All other data is deposited as CSV file with an associated Python file, the python file automatically gathers and processes raw file(s), performs - where applicable - normalizations and/or calculations of experimental means and produces plots using Seaborn. 



Requirements:

Python 3 (3.7)
Pandas (0.23.4)
MatplotLib (3.0.2)
Seaborn 0.9 (install latest version via PIP)
Scipy-Stats (1.1.0)


The software here is licensed by the Creative Commons CC BY-SA licence. If you find it useful in your research, please cite our manuscript.

For questions and comments, please contact kay.oliver.schink@rr-research.no

